>> Maximiliano Firtman: So
I have some homework for you,
in case you wanna continue
working on this project and
see if you have learned something and
you are able to modify the project.
First, you can add delete account.
So in that case, the user can
delete its own account, and for
that you can do it in two ways.
You can do a physical deletion, that is,
you can remove from the database
the record, or if you look at the users
table, you already have one particular
field that is actually deleted with a
timestamp, that's for a logical deletion.
So you can try both, in that case,
if you keep the user, but
you add a flag saying this
user has been deleted.
So in that case, you still keep
the history, sometimes you have to do
that even for legal reasons,
it depends on the project, right?
But in some countries,
you have some legal reasons,
you have to store user data even if
the user is deleting the account, okay.
You can also add confirmation for
the account,
sending an OTP that's
a one-time password by email.
Right now we are not verifying if
the email actually exists or not, so
we can send an email to the user,
creating an OTP.
And then we need another web
service to receive that OTP so
you can try to see if you can work
with that, forget the password.
Also, in that case we have our password
is hashed server-side, so we cannot
send the password by email, things like
that, but we can reset the password.
Also sending an OTP go to email,
you can try to follow that flow.
You can also check if a movie is
already a favorite or in watch list,
because right now, it's always letting
you add to favorite on watch list.
So you can add that so you need another
web service that will let you know if
the current user has that movie in
the collection, and then update the UI.
So that's a little nice exercise to do.
Remove from watches and favorites,
that's also pretty simple actually.
It's just adding another web service,
another API web service that will just
delete that record from the table.
Add more validations,
error control that never ends.
Okay, there are a lot of other validations
and error control that you can do,
actually, I encourage you to try to hack
the system, try to open the terminal,
try to send instead of an ID letter,
and see what happens.
And see if your server is reacting
properly and sending the right error,
okay, so try that.
Find Similar movies,
the data set is ready for you to do that.
So when you're in a movie,
you could create a web service that
returns similar movies,
based for example on keywords.
So then you make a query, SQL query,
another you can reated and to change
a little bit your data repository, to make
that work, but you make a Query, okay?
And on that query,
you will get similar movies.
And then you suggest at the bottom,
similar movies, okay,
that's a pretty good exercise as well.
Then you can also create an actors page so
you can get into the details of an actor,
or you can search actors as well and
then see all the movies by actor.
Okay, the data set is ready for
you to do that, so
we have already seen the steps for
you to actually go and do this.
So you're ready to actually create all
these new sections in the project.
Okay, any final question?
>> Speaker 2: Does GO have a email client
or has some TMP or, I can't remember?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: So, yeah, SMTP?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Simple Mail
Transfer Protocol.
So actually, the answer is,
it's not directly related to GO,
because it applies to every language.
So you may have an SMTP client or
not, it doesn't matter.
So because if you have it or
not, if you don't have it,
you can use a community-based one.
So forget about that.
But why I'm not directly answering
your questions in a straight way?
Because today, if you want that to work,
to send emails and
those emails to go through and
get to users' inboxes,
probably you don't wanna
use your own SMTP server.
That doesn't work anymore
like 10 years ago.
And the best way to do that is to use
a cloud-based provider for email sending.
And there are some that they have
even a free tire in It depends on how
many emails you wanna send.
So in that case, you don't care about
the SMTP email sending protocol,
it's just a cloud API call, okay.
You just do a get with a key, and
that's the email, that's the address, and
that's the recipient.
Because if not today, mostly on Gmail or
Microsoft business account or
even Yahoo accounts that
most people are using.
The email will not go
through because of a spam.
And there are filters they
have that it's very difficult.
I mean, it's not impossible, but it's very
difficult for you to create your own.
You have your own SMTP server,
set it up properly.
You have to do a lot of stuff,
type of security and privacy and
handshaking with the servers to actually
make those emails go through the inbox.
So I suggest you to go
directly with the provider,
with a cloud-based provider
that will help you with that.
Well, then our full stack project with
Vanilla JavaScript and GO is ready.
So, thank you.
>> [APPLAUSE].